GOAL: to be most comfortable using a car

TYRES

PSI - 27.3-27.8 optimum for dry, around 29.5-31 psi for wet
OMI/IMO - these are related to tyre temperatures. OMI stands for outer,middle, inner face of the tyre and the numbers relate to the temperature of the tyre. Optimal tyre temperatres go from 75-95 degrees. 

toe front - Increasing toe on the front increases the responsiveness. Pointing the tyres outwards to improve the initial turn in of the car. 
          - Lowering front toe points the tyres inwards. Use this to make the car more stable/reduce tyre temperatures. 

toe rear - Increasing rear toe improves the stability of the car as the tyres are pointed outwards. They will scrub more though and you lose top speed the greater the number.
         - Lowering rear toe increases straight line speed and creates less scrub as the tyres are pointing inwards. The car will be more oversteer the closer you go to 0. 

camber - if you want more grip, add a negative camber, allowing the tire to be in more contact with the road, but leads to less straight-line traction thus slower acceleration and longer braking zones

caster - only change caster if you feel the steering is too light for you. It adjusts the steering geometry and adds/takes away max camber. 

ELECTRONICS

The lower the ABS is, the shorter the braking distance is. Unless you get locked up, this leads to longer braking distance. So, you will have to balance it out until the point where you won't get locked up at all. 

front brakes and rear brakes - 1 for hotlap, qualifying, sprint races and 1 1/2 hours races
                             - 2 for anything over 1 1/2 hour races
                             - 3 for wet conditions, more than 12 hours. try using 2 in wet conditions if you can. 
                             - 4 - don't use it! 

MECHANICAL GRIP

antiroll bar front - if you suffer from understeering on the way into a corner, soften it
                   - stiffen it if oversteering

antiroll bar rear - if you suffer from understeering out of the corner and drifting wide, stiffen it
                  - soften it if oversteering

increasing preload will give a more stable car on corner entry but can cause exit oversteer

decreasing preload can fix turn in understeer as it rotates better but can cause oversteer off throttle. Helps to cure power oversteer on exit. 

the lower the steering ratio the more responsive the car gets as it responds quicker to your steering rotation. Increasing the number makes it less sensitive. Only change this away from default as a last resort. 


Stiffer springs= less mechanical grip but more aero stability as the aero platform with the diffuser is not pitching as much. 
Softer Springs = more mechanical grip but less aero stability as the aero platform with the diffuser is pitching more. 
Bumpstop range low = a shorter distance between the spring travel and the bumpstop. run a lower bumpstop range when using softer springs to stop the car pitching as much under braking. Be careful as riding the bumpstops too much can cause understeer. 
Bumpstop range high = a larger distance between the spring travel and the bumpstop. run a higher bumpstop range when using stiffer springs to help the car over kerbs. 
Bumpstop rate only adjusts how aggressive the bumpstop is. Use it as a force absorption tool. 

Dont worry too much about track bumipiness, instead focus on the car behaviour. Use the above guide to fix problems you experience on a track to track basis rather than stick to strict limits that X track should be stiff and Y track should be soft. It changes car to car. 

DAMPERS

rebound should be the same or higher than it, but ignore it because you will need motec for it

AERO

ride height - lowering it reduces the overall drag on the car, making it faster in a straight line
            - Find a front ride height that works over the kerbs and bumps and then adjust the rear ride height accordingly until you find a good balance. The key to ride height is having it low enough for a low COG but not too low you have no rotation. Combine these changes with the wing. 

rear wing/splitter - lowering it leads to faster top speed but leads to less downforce/high speed corner grip and more oversteer if you do not adjust the rear ride height to compensate.
                   - making it higher leads to lower top speed but a more stable car and less tyre wear through less sliding. Can cause understeer if you do not adjust the rear ride height to compensate. 
                   - use the splitter as a balance tool after you have finished tweaking the ride height/wing. If you have understeer increase the splitter, if you have oversteeer reduce the splitter. It has no drag penalty so run it as high as you can. 

When starting out, add a click on the wing and adjust the ride heights to get back to the aerobalance% which it had before

brake ducts - if the brake duct is low, it will keep the brakes hot for a longer period of time
            - if high, cools it down faster. The aim is to combine the two with tyre temperatures. Keep brakes green round the lap as long as possible. However if the track is hot you may need to increase the brake ducts to control the tyre temperatures. 

If you have to run the ducts high run brake pad 2 as they work better with cold brakes. 

check the tyre app, if it's yellow, it's getting a lot of heat, red is when you should increase the brake ducts to allow more heat to escape the rim/tyre. 

--

CDA INSTRUCTIONS

Oversteer under braking/mid-corner: Raise differential preload 
Understeer under braking/mid-corner: Lower differential preload 
Oversteer under power on exit: Lower differential preload
Understeer under power on exit: Raise differential preload

Oversteer > Increase Rear toe > Lower straight-line speed
Understeer > Decrease Rear toe > Increase straight-line speed

Oversteer under braking: Lower bump stop range and soften the rate
Understeer under braking: Increase front bump stop range and stiffen the rate
Oversteer in slow corners: Increase rear bump stop range 
Understeer in slow corners: Lower rear bump stop range
Understeer in fast corners: Increase front bump stop range and stiffen the rate 
Oversteer in fast corners: Lower bump stop range and soften the rate 

Oversteer in fast corners: Stiffen front springs 
Oversteer in slow corners: Soften rear springs 
Oversteer under braking: Stiffen front springs
Understeer in fast corners: Stiffen rear springs 
Understeer in slow corners: Soften front springs 
Understeer under braking: Soften front springs/stiffen rear springs

Understeer in slow corners: Raise rear ride height
Understeer in high fast corners: Lower rear wing 
Understeer over the whole lap: Raise rear ride height and lower rear wing 